Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
I told you this long ago...
You are mine.
If you want to get free of my hand...
...by those conditions...
Snatch yourself free with your blade!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Bye...
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
Sparks
They look brave enough.
So many plucky fellows have
gathered to fight in my tournament!
My Lord, the final match
will begin at any moment.
He is a mercenary called Valencia,
well known as the Prince of Massacre.
It's been said that he slaughtered...
...over one hundred and thirty of
Midland's soldiers during the hundred-year war.
I am quite sure that Valencia will win...
Who is he?
Hey, what are you doing?
Can't you tell?
I'm a challenger.
That's ridiculous!
I am taking him on...
Take it easy, big guy.
This tournament is for everyone.
You look very skilled.
So, won't you play with me now?
My Lord...
I permit it, you can fight
by way of entertainment.
You are understanding.
Even if this is for
entertainment, a duel is a duel.
I'll give no quarter!
Of course!
Get ready!
No need, come anytime.
Nonsense...
Won't you prepare yourself?
I-I-I yield...
Oh, my!
That man did it!
Well done, well clone.
Why don't you think about serving me?
Of course, I'll treat you to rich rewards.
Thanks, but I'm not
interested in that sort of thing...
My Lord...
Too bad...
To let a skilled man like him stay idle...
Guts!
Welcome back!
Easy, easy.
I was worried about you...
...because you had
disappeared when I woke up, Guts.
But grandpa Godo was right after all.
He told me that you
would come back here, for sure!
Sorry, but can you deal with this again?
Oh, boy...
After spending a week
sitting around doing nothing...
...you suddenly try
your skill in a tournament.
I see...
...you fought against a
very skilled man this time...
A sword doesn't lie.
I can clearly see everything about both
you and your opponent from this sword.
Oh, this poor sword of yours...
It's wielded by a man
who is blind to his own destiny.
Let me fix the sword, please?
When you grow up, Erica.
My destiny...
My dream...
Does this sword embody my dream?
Guts!
Here we go!
Okay!
Guts!
It was impossible to deal
with so many at once, after all!
Yeah, it was.
This is reality.
This has been by my side.
Yes, this is a part of my body.
Pain that I could hardly bear...
Whenever I face the
moment of my death...
...my sword is with
me as I move past it.
Here's one!
An unforgettable dream
and unforgettable people...
I've felt everything
through the tip of my sword.
This sword proves that I am alive.
Guts!
Ouch!
Come on, stay still!
You are quite reckless.
Godo, why did you
become a sword smith?
This trade has been
passed down through my family.
Do you like it?
I don't know.
Don't you know?
Erica likes it because it's fun.
I want to be a sword smith, too!
Hey, be careful.
I've gripped steel
before I even learned to walk.
I strike...
...the iron lying before me...
...without thinking
about whether I like it or not.
I've been desperate to forge better
swords and to become a more skilled smith...
...and I reached this age all too soon.
If you ask why I keep hitting
the iron, I have no answer, but...
There's one thing that I like about it.
Sparks...
I like seeing sparks...
I'm absorbed by them.
I can feel as if my life is sparking
before my eyes for a moment.
Sparks...
Am I also attracted...
...to sparks?
Light cascading off swords...
They all cry sparks...
All the times I have
lived through cry them...
My own existence does too, and
the times and existences of others...
That's what life is.
Guts, ready?
Yeah!
You did it!
Guts!
Finally, you did it!
After all, there's
nothing left but this for me.
I wield my sword only for
myself, not for someone else.
To give off sparks in a moment of life...
Are you leaving?
Yeah, thanks for your help.
Huh, even though you lived off us for
nearly a year, your words are so simple.
Take care of yourself.
Of course I will, even
if you didn't tell me to.
Bye now.
Hey...
Don't waste your life.
Master Godo!
What's the idea, coming over
here so early in the morning?
Don't act like that, I came
here to make an order, as usual.
An order?
I want you to make as many
swords as you can, immediately.
Of course I'll pay you, generously.
What is it?
A war started?
Nope!
Hunting bandits!
Hunting bandits?
A troop of bandits are on the run...
...hiding in the
mountains just over the border.
I need weapons so I can make
some easy money before it's too late.
Bandits on the run?
You hadn't heard?
You neither, Master?
Naturally.
You live like a hermit down here.
Who are they, these bandits on the run?
They used to be a mercenary
band that staged some kind of revolt...
...in Windam about a year ago.
A mercenary band?
Yes, I'm told that they are led
by a woman with incredible skills.
A woman?
I heard that they also made a
really big impact in the hundred-year war.
I don't remember the name, though...
...probably the Band
of something, Band of...
Yes!
The Band of the Hawk!
Wait, what did you just say?
Huh?
I'm asking you what you said!
W-Well...
I said the Band of the Hawk
led by a woman named Caska.
We finally found them...
...the Band of the Hawk.
Damn, they gave us a lot of trouble.
Don't complain about it,
they will meet their end tonight.
I'll make sure they sleep forever.
Don't work too hard,
or you'll fall right over.
Judeau...
I understand your feelings.
But you are virtually
the Hawks' only leader now.
Everyone is tired because
we've been living on the run.
What if you collapsed
at this crucial moment?
I know.
A moment ago, I got a
report from our comrades...
...who infiltrated Windam.
According to their report, Griffith is
imprisoned in an underground dungeon...
...that is located on the
lowest level of Windam palace.
Some of them have heard a
voice rising up from the prison...
...it could be him
screaming or moaning.
However...
...the voice has not
been heard within this month.
Everyone is exhausted.
How can we plan his escape
when we are already at our limits?
Believe in them.
You've got to believe in your comrades.
We have no choice but to
pool our talents, every one of us.
Judeau...
Anyhow, you should
at least get some rest.
You can't organize our mission
to rescue Griffith if you are so tired...
You are right...
You need to eat and rest.
Yeah...
Judeau...
Thank you.
How's Caska?
Taking a little rest.
She should.
Lately, she hasn't slept at all.
Actually, she is taking things very well.
If she didn't take up the
position of leader, we would have...
I know, we could never
have survived until now...
We have survived, and so what?
It's totally impossible to make
a fresh start, even if we survive...
...and make it to another country.
In the first place, the Hawks
are just a rabble without Griffith.
We can accomplish nothing.
What are you talking about?
Of course we need him, that's
why we are all trying to rescue him!
Can you prove that Griffith is still alive?
I wonder if it's all over...
Everything has been...
Then why are you here, Corkus?
Why didn't you
leave with the deserters?
Ricket...
I wish he was here for us...
What is it?
Enemy raid!
The enemy is in the north woods!
Third Company, Fourth
Company, counterattack!
Everyone else, carry the injured to the
carriages and ride to the southern quarter!
Caska!
I have you!
Stay alert, Captain.
Guts...
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
Unless one loses a precious thing,
he will never know its true value.
A light scratches the darkness, and the
exhausted one faces his shattered dream...
...realizing his path cannot be walked.
Is there any way a man can live happily
without embracing his wounded heart?
Confession
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm